I am stronger
anything a bully can say
their words won't hurt me I'll show them
they may put me down I'll still show
that
hey there loner what cat got your tongue
teacher's pet has no teacher around to
save her now Wow nice glasses
not so fast what do you think you're
going oh gosh please someone help me
keep getting laid off hey I'm talking to
you let's go
Chrissy please mate and leave me alone
what do you want besides being mean to
me why is such a nerd
oMG let me take a pic of that pathetic
outfit that matches that pathetic face
and send it to the whole school I think
you're better than us smarter than us
right I just wanted to finish my books
like take reading counts test on it
hey Chrissy leave her alone she doesn't
dress to impress you so don't worry
about it
picking on someone is not cool Trixie
are you okay here's a kick see thank you
yeah it's not nice to bully you get a
lot more touch miss around you've
started being nice and causing so much
trouble
Hey
chicks and very glad you told me what
happened
we take bullying very seriously here at
like park and have a zero tolerance
policy for it mrs. Moran and I will call
those boys into my office one at a time
to talk to them yesterday we talked with
Trixie and the other girls who saw what
you and your friends did we know they've
been teaching threatening and hurting
other girls in Africa bullying can have
some serious consequences it can lead to
depression anxiety health problems and
poor school performance for the person
who is being bullied dope you learn more
about why bullying is bad I'm going to
have him read a book and give a report
on it to the whole entire class also I
think you owe Trix an apology thank you
mrs. crane I'm like obsessed you're
welcome
Hey
I know your long
parked across got laws to dwarf us to be
considerate and caring courageous is
Charlotte's your sex up in honor of this
month's bullying prevention Awareness
Month Girl Scout Troop 622 asks all
students at Lake Park Elementary School
to stop bullying